tuple: don't use offset_slot_cache in vinyl threads (#10124)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-10123-vy-tuple-field-lookup-fix.md

## bugfix/vinyl

> * Fixed a bug when a read thread crashed trying to look up a tuple field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug when internal optimization algorithm caused a crash while a read thread tried to look up a tuple field
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
